now Peter grants a brother
these three pitches
Alex better
so thank you again
back up the jersey old / quickies head
I
they were quite
your life will now Alex better starting
to come
he's got enough
and finally the linesman step in and
Carlisle Lewis looks like he just came
out of a movie as his face
hit her with much more sighs a quick
right by cloud does not land both
players locked up a big right hand by
pinner big right hand catches just the
top of the skull and cloud and pinner
will head to the box at off
with a ridin through couple of jabs to
the chest and often
the back of the head of fraser flipping
two counters of the big a maker another
thing
they get too deep
still jumping around
the linesman finally step in that's one
of the best fights we've seen
dinner
trying to get locked in up
to fig it therefore brother forgive
Rutherford couple of shots back and
forth he wants to go and now please
eccentric grabs Rutherford just start
swinging Lance two big bunches there
he's that Rutherford down on the ice
and the line that gets in and pulls it
away whoops whoo Sosa's they're going to
hurt that guy wolf waiting to throw that
first a maker of a punch and it goes by
pinner a big right to the job now locks
up Carl al Lewis adds a jab to the right
the two hunts down clutching onto one
another all right by pinner connects now
a right to the chin lands on the right
side of Carlisle Lewis another jab by
pinner tries to slip free a right hand
for Carlile Lewis jammed their bike ever
now I'll right to the top of the head by
Lewis who shoved in her back another
left hand landed by pinner he'll throw a
series unless they're cops down the
right hand
see ya
how about that for a start 643 left to
go to one Eagles here in the second buck
carried into the far side corner you
Lasky now drop the ball
for the month after
gets a hold of that left shoulder holds
on tightly throws a right now connects
with a jam another jam connect now they
have their fists tied up together atop a
body shot by jason BTW now we'll write
an opera club bt lands on the job and
it'll drag even down to the ice the
lines and step in this got charged by
barf on obey let me just
flipping Liz a big uppercut yeah holds
up in that right hand a big right
bartholomay dialed it up he's getting it
now and he just takes a dive down to the
ice and he's in there with Mary Oh Joely
oh just showered him with right now an
uppercut by Jolie bad idea number two
for Tommy Harrison with Butler shoves
them against the glass they hope it's
come off rating right he's just jumping
wood and takes one look down to the eye
starting to lock up a big
grab some other Jersey tries to lock him
in legend
now to left my boudin throws a haymaker
that doesn't connect now
hey
starts to go to work
Cody able to grab some Jersey
the right foot landing down on the head
Bodine
there's a left-right hitter
in the back of the neck a little
a big right there by Alex tentative
today and another right